Dev normalize predicate (#804)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

This section lists all of the features that have been removed, deprecated, added, or extended in different Cypher versions.
Replacement syntax for deprecated and removed features are also indicated.

[[cypher-deprecations-additions-removals-5.17]]
== Neo4j 5.17

=== New features

[cols="2", options="header"]
|===
| Feature
| Details

a|
label:functionality[]
label:new[]

[source, cypher, role=noheader]
----
RETURN normalize("string", NFC)
----

| Introduction of a xref::functions/string.adoc#functions-normalize[normalize()] function.

> Normalize a `STRING` according to the specified normalization form, which can be of type `NFC`, `NFD`, `NFKC` or `NFKD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function normalizes a `STRING` according to the specified normalization form, which can be of type `NFC`, `NFD`, `NFKC`, or `NFKD`.
```

a|
label:functionality[]
label:new[]

[source, cypher, role=noheader]
----
IS [NOT] [NFC \| NFD \| NFKC \| NFKD] NORMALIZED
----

[source, cypher, role=noheader]
----
RETURN "string" IS NORMALIZED
----

| Introduction of an xref::syntax/operators.adoc#match-string-is-normalized[IS NORMALIZED] operator.

> The operator can be used to check if a `STRING` is normalized according to the specified normalization form, which can be of type `NFC`, `NFD`, `NFKC` or `NFKD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operator can be used to check if a `STRING` is normalized according to the specified normalization form, which can be of type `NFC`, `NFD`, `NFKC`, or `NFKD`.
```
